# HackerOne Report #1164452

**Source:** https://hackerone.com/reports/1164452  

Summary:
Hello
I found a critical vunerability in one of your site, where user can upload any file type as a profile picture (including php file)
Steps To Reproduce:
Visit https://careers.mtn.cm and register as a user.
After successful registration, login and update your data.
When uploading profile photo, select any file type.
When its updated, view the source code of the page, you will see your file with complete path.
Copy the file path and paste into your browser.
Boom your file will be executed
Supporting Material/References:
Here i upload non-harmful file as a poc
Code
•
72 Bytes




<?php
echo "proof of concept (PoC) by aliyugombe@wearehackerone.com";
?>
https://careers.mtn.cm/en/user/images/users/-13-04-2021-20-15-16-payload.php
Impact
Attacker can upload malicious file and inject to your server or deface the entire website since its possible to upload php file and gain access to direct file path.
cyber_axion
 
changed the status to Triaged. 
April 16, 2021, 12:13pm UTC
Sent for analysis and fix
aliyugombe
 
posted a comment. 
May 24, 2021, 5pm UTC
Any update?
aliyugombe
 
posted a comment. 
July 17, 2021, 7:53pm UTC
any update?
the bug is critical, it need to be fix as fast as possible because, the impact of the bug is not limited to the subdokmain https://careers.mtn.cm
aliyugombe
 
posted a comment. 
April 30, 2022, 10:38am UTC
Any update?
kdrmtn
 
closed the report and changed the status to Resolved. 
August 2, 2022, 4:40pm UTC
aliyugombe
 
requested to disclose this report. 
August 2, 2022, 5:29pm UTC
can we disclosed it?
 
This report has been disclosed. 
September 1, 202

---

## Report Metadata

Reported on
April 13, 2021, 8:39pm UTC
Reported by
aliyugombe
Reported to
MTN Group
Managed
Participants
Report Id
#1164452
Resolved
Severity
Critical (9 ~ 10)
Disclosed
September 1, 2022, 5:29pm UTC
Weakness
Improper Input Validation
CVE ID
None
Bounty
Hidden 
Retest
Hidden 
Total reward
Hidden 
Account details
None


---

## Report Content

MTN Group staff

